When the class split into two groups, I was picked into the second group. In the beginning, members were chatting and texting to wait for everyone to join. After few minutes of communication, we come up with an idea of an ATM locator app that can help users to find the closest ATM nearby. But someone suggests the idea is too dumb since the banks and ATMs are everywhere in New York City, where most of us live. However, others argue that the app can be useful in rural areas, and the countrysides when we think of the U.S as a whole. Besides this idea, we also consider some ideas related to e-waste and public bathroom locators but we choose the ATM locator app as our final product. The ATM locator app would access public APIs to locate any ATM near to the user and show the bank affiliation. And also show options that allow the user to filter out unnecessary fees.

I think this group meeting proceeds very well. Some members talk through the mic, and some members chat in the text. Nobody was forced to share their ideas and nobody disturbed the discussion. Everyone is participating in their way, some discuss the ATM locator app through the mic, some discuss bathroom locators on the chat, and some take notes for our discussion. During the discussion, we have an idea to break into smaller groups for front-end and back-end. But we haven’t got to that far in that discussion. I think splitting into two smaller groups is very helpful compared to 20 people in one group. Once we set the final product, and different projects the member can join different teams that they prefer to working on.

In conclusion, I think having a group discussion is very wise. The has no problems with the process and the result. Everyone is participating and showing their effect on their work. I believe sometimes working together is better than working alone. We can share our ideas and opinions together. However, if there has a large number of people working together, it can become a mess. It will take more time to come to a consensus that everyone agrees with which is a waste of time.
