The job posting that piques my interest is the senior frontend engineer for Resy. It is the American Express global dining platform. Their mission is to power the world’s best restaurants, using technology to imagine the future of hospitality. They serve 5,000 restaurants globally. I found this job posting from the NYC job board. This company is hiring a senior frontend engineer that needs to make websites that are beautiful, fast, and work on every screen. And have years of experience working on websites that have high traffic and need to be highly scalable. Cares about performance and takes great satisfaction in getting every bit of speed out of the frontend. In addition, the engineer needs to be an avid learner. Enjoy keeping up to date with the latest tech. But also know how to evaluate different solutions and make choices about what best fits our needs and when is the right time for us to start using something new. Also, the engineer has to work on an e-commerce or other highly transactional site before. And used to working with large data models for things like products and complex interactions with APIs to manage transactions. Moreover, the engineer needs to be capable of working both collaboratively and independently. Enjoy working with others to find the best solution. But you can also take a rough direction and fill in the details by yourself. And lastly, the engineer needs to care about the work and care about code quality. Care about what we're all working together to accomplish.

I, personally don’t think that I met all the requirements on the list. But I have passions for this frontend job. I have an interest in web development. I learned HTML, PHP and learned how to use MySQL on the course that relates to web design. And I’m planning to learn JavaScript on my own and by watching video tutorials. I also know C,C++, and Java. I accomplish assignments and lab work that my professor assigned. But I never did a big project before and I usually work alone. In order to meet all the requirements, I will recap my knowledge for web development. And start learning JavaScript. I will not hesitate to learn new stuff. And I will try my best to collaborate with my teammates.
